---
title: "The Internship @ AIIMS, Bhopal"
date: 2017-06-13T11:11:22+05:30
tags:
- webdev
- nodejs
categories:
- project
---

As is the tradition of BITS, every second yearite is expected to go to an
internship to a place and a organization allotted by the institute. I was given
[AIIMS, Bhopal](http://www.aiimsbhopal.edu.in/) a budding, new part of the
prestigious AIIMS brand. But the problem was it being a hospital! What was I
expected to do at a goddamn hospital?! Write code to cure cancer?
(interesting... Maybe, someday?)

The first few days were pretty useless. But the fun began when we ~~were
given~~Â picked up projects. Although I wanted something more low level, I
picked a web based inventory management system for the lack of options
(_sigh!_). So here I am, writing an [API](https://github.com/BitsAiims2017/api)
for the [AIIMS IMS](https://github.com/BitsAiims2017)! The project is in full
swing and I am doing web-dev, yet again. Although I am writing an API for the
first time and I did learn about many security concepts, it all seems kind of
repetitive. I don't know.

Let's see how this project turns out and hope that it gets used by the people
at AIIMS. Fingers crossed!

Update:

The internship went pretty well and the project was completed well before time.
We even got letters of recommendation for the work. Although the API was not
exactly RESTful, it did give me a basic idea of writing APIs and I think it's
enough for me at this moment. The code for the AIIMS app is open sourced and
everyone is free (and even encouraged) to fork and change it according to their
will.

-ut
